---
title: Monthly Check-in Meeting Notes - December 7, 2016
location: Northwood, 815 Bloor St
attendees: 11
date: 2016-12-07
startTime: 19:00
endTime: 13:00
---

# Agenda

1. Intros
2. Working Group Updates
3. Socialize!

# Notes

## Intros

- Aimed for brief (30 mins) check in before individual follow up

## Working Group Updates

### Tools

Lead: benhylau
- Looking into CalDev server for internal calendar for new year
- People have mentioned we need to be mindful when using channels (main channel overwhelming!)
- Working with mesh ISP, ceit on dietpi image

### Virtual Mesh

Lead: benhylau

- For virtual mesh start getting other people in as the lead on answering questions for thos nights to transfer knowledge

### Funding/Grants

Lead: anastasia

- Metcalf letter submitted recently
- More grant applications upcoming, on range of topics from Mesh ISP, technical literacy, and more general 'tomesh':
  - Ontario Trillium Grant
- Partnerships:
  - work with TCN on their grant (Youth grant Opportunities fund)
  - Connect with Andy at Steam RE:CIRA grant (udit) -- literacy focused  
  - Free-net also interested in CIRA grant -- infrastructure
- State of tracking sheet for grants?
  - still in progress
  - benhylau to connect to get a version up and running!

### Central Org

Lead: dcwalk

- Check in on how general organization and meetings are working:
  - Request for an internal calendar (coming in january!)
  - Question of how we identify primary mode of contact (e.g. most direct contact).
    - Determined that WG lead should post in channel, but default to public and in channel first
  - Meeting in bar: loud, not enough space, mix of social and updates?
    - suggestion to have a quiet first hour before moving to social
- Things slowing down 'holiday hours' for the next couple weeks

### Mini-conf

Lead: dcwalk

- Quick status update
  - Registration and website up
  - Sessions getting finalized
  - Advertising ongoing, requested help for facebook, anastasia to assist

### Deployment

Lead: udit

- Friday meeting at 5:30pm at TPL and Balzaacs to discuss possible deployment.
- Expect a few options to come out of that meeting

### Website

Lead: garry

- Website groups still rolling updates out, end of year next milestone:
  - funding wallet bit
  - timeline
  - events page update
- In-person work session on Dec 11 (helpful if benhylau attends)
- After that virtual

### Onboarding

Lead: josh_o

- Outreach (Welcome channel), still okay, not a lot of update
- Exploring diet pi as part of the reference image and instructions?

## Member updates

### jon

- TCN update: digital literacy for youth
- Youth Employment Challenge at Civic Tech and moving forward on Trillium Funding
- Orton Park as first community

### vector

- Crypto acct to fund stuff (equipment)

### ceit

- Interested in repurposing parabolic satellites for testing possible mesh deployment!
- Take advantage of those that are left behind (maybe use bunz to spread/solicit) in #hardware
