---
title: Meeting Notes - November 12, 2016
location: Semaphore Studio 307, Claude T. Bissell
attendees: 7
date: 2016-11-12
startTime: 10:00
endTime: 13:00
---

# Agenda

1. Intros (0:10)
2. Recap (0:30)
  - TOmesh so far... (x2)
  - Previous Planning Meeting
2. Current Decisions (0:50)
  - Code of Conduct
  - Logo
3. Future (1:20 min)
  - Upcoming Event
  - Mesh ISP and Deployment
  - Funding
  - Governance

# Notes

## Intros

- We will use voting in this meeting to reach consensus and help keep to time:
    - _Thumbs up_: go ahead, care about the issue and happy with direction
    - _Closed fist_: "no-block"
    - _Thumbs down_: needs more discussion, feel strongly enough to block
- Covered agenda for meeting

## Recap

### TOmesh so far...

- Skipped over history as all attendees were versed in our background

### Working Areas and Recent News

1. "Radical Networks: Ecology of DIY networks in Toronto" and NYC visit (garry and udit)
  - [video stream archive](https://livestream.com/internetsociety/radnetworks/videos/141010332)
  - covered tomesh, steamlink, and past projects
  - good discussions and feedback with someone from chicago (wilderness wireless), garry going to build-a-long
  - update on NYCmesh, datacentre and ubiquiti hardware mounting issues, fiscal sponsership setup with internet society (ISOC)
  - outernet working on regular raspbian, external power needed for antenna
  - some interest in the tomesh.mini game, invitation to conference around games and outreach

2. Rotman MBA students looking at tomesh (ethan and anastasia)
  - [**Presentation Slides**](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B46AXvjqbNM3UWI1U3JQdjRHWVk/view?usp=sharing)
  - question posed as: "how do people percieve toronto mesh"
  - preliminary impressions from presentations:
  - really focused on the service (e.g., cost-savings) and options from the status-quo
  - emphasis on onboarding and access through the website
  - how the pi was perceived (or a piece of hardware) and emphasizing design (https://en.enigmabox.net/)
  - more concise summary to follow, for now we whould think of:
  - focused mandate to get people on board
  - paying attention to onboarding
  - segmentation of potential tomesh users

3. Prototype (benhylau)
  - ongoing work on getting the prototype up and running, #virtualmesh nights are when that happens
  - increasing alignment with ansuz's projects
  - down the road looking at metrics, including the friefunk, based on conversations with lars (e.g. prometheus, ...)

4. Website (garry and dcwalk)
  - there is a new website!
  - met as working group to create new version

### Previous Planning Session

From [August 05](https://github.com/tomeshnet/documents/blob/master/meeting_notes/20160805_planning-meeting-notes.md):
- **DONE** plan the series of workshops
  - prototype hardware
  - educational sessions?
  - current status of Toronto infrastructure, and how it's structured.
- _PARKED to 2017_ reach out to Wireless Slovenia
- _PARKED to 2017_ plan international mesh event in Toronto
- **DONE** revise Vision Statement by next weekend (voted to have Curtis draft it, followed by a week of review on the PR)
- _BLOCKED_ form Code of Conduct Working Group (Lee, Nick, Ben, Leandro, Dennis, David, Curtis, Michael, dcwalk)
- **DONE** deploy Vector.im and form virtual space to collaborate with other meshes (Garry, Ben)
- **DONE** investigate Kune (pre-alpha collaboration software)
- **DONE** figure out relationship with non-tech group over next few weeks
  - Upcoming TCN workshop: Mesh Introduction on Fri, Nov 18
- **DONE** start building a virtual mesh among all tomesh people, and eventually create a physical mesh taking consideration of people's privacy concerns over exposing home addresses
- _PARKED_ figure out whether we need some legal status and how to acquire it

## Current Decisions

### Logo

- We have [placeholder logo](https://tomesh.net/images/tomesh-icon.svg)) designed by garry already on website, chat, and github account
- William designed a few versions of a [new logo](https://matrix.tomesh.net/_matrix/media/v1/download/tomesh.net/yszGAgAETuPkMkzMUZnoMchI)
- Discussed whether to adopt the new logo, or use the old logo permanently **could not consense on either**
  - concerns about appearance of new logo, lack of clarity as a 'Toronto' symbol, consistent brand identity
  - will not go ahead with either for printing stickers or updating website

### Code of Conduct

- Discussion about status of [code of conduct](https://github.com/tomeshnet/documents/blob/c0c82f1cf7d76c23e926d28f6c7747c4fcd68d13/CONDUCT.md)
- **Consensed to**:
  - adopt the code of conduct with the current language
  - have organizers of an event identify themselves as organizers and indicate our
  - have moderators be the code of conduct 'organizers' for online space
  - set up email for code of conduct to be monitored on a rotating basis by two people
- **Action Item:** dcwalk to update text, set up and publish.

**BREAK**

## Future Planning

### Upcoming Miniconf

- Ran through plans for [Upcoming Miniconf](https://pad.riseup.net/p/tomeshnet-miniconf)
  - goal to make a sweet poster
  - print some stickers

- Original date for Dec 3, deferred to Jan 14/21
- **Action Item**: Start a working group to move this planning forward

### Deployment and Mesh ISP

- Brief discussion of possibilities for deployment were mentioned:
  - move from virtual link to a physical link between 2 nodes
  - build mesh network for a coworking space in Scarborough - crowdfunding?
    - additional challenges posed by its location as further away
  - mesh up CSI building? 2 buildings across from each other
    - somewhere we actually use/have regular access to
  - look to partner with a community organization that donates space (e.g., community centre, churches, libraries)
- Ideally we'd hae something to move forward with in February
- **Action Item**: Start a working group to explore and propose opportunities

### Funding

- Lots of opportunities, especially not in Toronto (e.g. Northern Ontario)
- There are a few grants with upcoming deadlines (Jan - Mar)
- **Action Item**: To coordinate will create and work in channel and wekan
- **Action Item**: Start a working group for opportunities

### Governance

- Discussion about how governance, completing work and involvement has been going
  - noticing a difference between active participants and people who are transient
  - working group model works, but almost also need a core 'working group' to link up on everyones status
  - need to be aware of pieces in order to contribute, longstanding members are aware
  - deadline/deliverables to work towards
  - more meeting in person, but casually
  - onboarding new people remains a challenge.
- For people who are coming in:
  - would be nice to have a clear, 'current focus'
  - working groups schedule and chat space that is publicized

- Updated **Working Groups**, and identified current leads:
  - Central Org (_ongoing_) **L**: dcwalk
  - (Welcome/Intros) Onboarding (_ongoing_) **L**: josh_o
  - Tools (_ongoing_) **L**: benhylau
  - Website (_ongoing_) **L**: garry
  - Virtual Mesh (_ongoing_) **L**: benhylau
  - Miniconf (Jan deadline) **L**: dcwalk
  - Deployment (Feb deadlines and _ongoing_) **L**: udit
    - (jon?) josh_o also interested
  - Funding/Grants (Jan to Mar deadlines and _ongoing_) **L**: anastasia

- Established **Meeting Schedule**:
  - Monthly check-ins (casual, social and roughly an hour) for an update from leads
  - Six-month planning sessions, requirement to hand off lead roles

- Reconfirmed **tools**:
  - Wekan (benhylau to update the labels to reflect our current workin group)
  - Chat rooms (leads to create as needed, and add a few moderators)
  - CalDav server (benhylau to investigate)
