---
title: Outreach Work-session Notes - June 2, 2016
location: dcwalk's
attendees: 4
date: 2016-06-02
startTime: 19:30
endTime: 21:30
---

# Agenda

1. Recap
2. Check in on Action Items
3. Next Steps
  - mesh.101
  - Where the work will happen
  - Deadlines for upcoming Makerfestival dates
4. Action Items

# Notes

- Quote of the night for outreach: _"I have a raspberry pi at home, my buddy has a raspberry pi at home. We're gonna hang out tomorrow, if there is a tutorial... we're gonna mesh"_

## Check in on Action Items

### Website

- Completed: **announcements**
- In progress: **events pull request**, needs review... especially the .ics feed, work session to review and resolve

### Gather feedback

- Completed: **gathered feedback from curious, non-technical participants**
  - "In order..." phrase before bullets
  - "I don't know what a mesh network is"
  - Github: "i don't know what this is"
- Ongoing: gather more feedback on the website, during civic tech meetup prior to July 10

### Glossary

- Not Started: **define networking terms**
  - Use the [Github issue in mesh.101 for terminology](https://github.com/tomeshnet/tomesh.101/issues/4)
  - Attribution for any non-self authored terms through hyperlinking

## Next Steps

### mesh.101

- Developed personas to think about who the materials are for:
  - Mesh organizer
  - Local mesh joiners (with some degree of existing knowledge)
  - Internet interested (some concept awareness)

- Brainstormed components of a "mesh.101 experience" that would be relevant based on these personas:
  - Presentation/workshop materials (slides and facilitation guide) **organizer**
  - Glossary **internet interested**
  - Tutorial (similar to something from [neocities](https://neocities.org/)) **internet interested, mesh joiners**
  - Reference Specification of Steps Req.d, Hardware, software (build script), mesh naming convention, **all**
  - Visualization of nodes (e.g., map) **all**

- Separate to mesh.101, a document for our site: "[why mesh?](https://pad.riseup.net/p/fOO8LQrXs5H4)" which Curtis has been working on

### Where the work will happen

- Use case: A Mesh organizer
  1. Wants to add materials
  2. Likes to share resources (blog)
  3. May have a teacher mindset

- The work of building mesh.101 _happens_ in [tomesh.101 on github](https://github.com/tomeshnet/tomesh.101) and the wekan board (pending)

- The mesh.101 materials _live_ on the [tomesh.net website](https://tomesh.net/)

### Deadlines for upcoming Makerfestival dates

**June 25: Workshop**
- first draft "what is mesh"
- website work session for events

**July 10: Festival**
- first draft logo, favicon
- _stretch:_ tutorial card!

## Action Items

- Research other Mesh Groups (Education Materials and Branding) _??_ (dcwalk & Josh)
- Tutorial first draft _June 6_ (Josh)
- Reorganization of [tomesh.101 github repo](https://github.com/tomeshnet/tomesh.101) for modules proposal _June 7_ (dcwalk)
- "What is Mesh?" first draft _prior to June 16_ (??)
- Website Work-session _prior to June 25_ (Garry)
- Logo and favicon first draft _prior to July 10_ (Garry)
- Additional Website feedback _prior to July 10_ (??)
- Glossary terms first draft in [Github issue](https://github.com/tomeshnet/tomesh.101/issues/4) _??_ (Josh)
- Why Mesh? document feedback _ongoing_ (all)
