---
title: Meeting Notes - November 25, 2017
location: Semaphore Studio 307, Claude T. Bissell
attendees:Â 9
date: 2017-11-25
startTime: 18:30
endTime: 21:00
---

# Agenda

1. Intros (0:15)
2. Recap (0:30)
  - tomesh so far
  - Previous Planning Meeting
  - Working Areas and Recent News
3. Future Directions (1:30)
  - Partnerships (TPL/Kensington/Fort York)
  - Deployment 
  - Roadmap
4. Governance(0:30)  

We will use voting in this meeting to reach consensus and help keep to time:
- _Thumbs up_: go ahead, care about the issue and happy with direction
- _Closed fist_: "no-block"
- _Thumbs down_: needs more discussion, feel strongly enough to block

# Notes

## Intros

- dante, interested in solar-powered node, been organizing
- milan, long range links and potential sites
- tristan, campus co-op interested in building ISPs, DDJC work, community-owned infrastructure
- darkdrgn2k (yurko)
- garry
- ben, interested in hardware/software, thinking about maintenance and monitoring
- dawn/dcwalk, stuff about outreach

## Recap
### Tomesh so far
- Started ~2 years ago, thinking about models for 
- Outreach: events around networking literacy workshops, connecting to other groups, building reference hardware and software
- Opportunities around a mesh implementation for internet-sharing
- Public hardware workshops (install parties)
- Working relationship with other mesh orgs in the U.S.
- Revamped website with node map - think about how to date things and make it look more active?

### Previous planning session
[Notes from April 24](https://github.com/tomeshnet/documents/blob/master/meeting_notes/20161112_planning-meeting-notes.md) for reference

### Working Areas and Recent News

1. Tools (benhylau/garry)

- [Tech Update](https://github.com/tomeshnet/documents/blob/e7fed3ae3b6c64a3cda2f9308f3234ca7ceaad10/technical/20171122_tomesh-tech-status-update.md) posted, review of design goals
- Difference between ubiquity antenna and other hardware 
- meshbot is working! Posting events and reminders (maybe network status)

2. Central Org (dasanchez)

  - Do we want to bring back virtual meshes?

3. Website (garry)

- deployed the map!
- pending: how to ping nodes
- redesign look & feel in progress with hank
- pending issues about project page, but did automate pulling in content directly from github
- mirror on DAT/beaker

4. Outreach (dasanchez, Pedro)

- Met with Tony Bolla, St. Clair BIA, could connect to Kensington BIA
- W. Queen West BIA -- connection through Adam
- Freegeek: Meeting space @ Parkdale -- connection through dcwalk
- Makerfestival
- Outreach Poster! - ready to print, publish link
- Nov 29: UofT Decentralized Tech Association talk (all welcome)

5. Deployment (Pedro)

- Possible locations keep growing (40+ locations), existing relationship with Rodgers

6. Node tech (Udit)

## Future Directions

### Partnerships

Which partnerships do we want to pursue?
1. FreeGeek - dasanchez happy to coordinate (dcwalk to put in touch), consensed to go ahead for new year
    - dcwalk will continue facilitating access to Semaphore Lab as needed
2. Toronto Public Library (Reference) - they have requested a demo of a number of nodes or a mesh that we can use as a working example.

    - **Toronto Public Library (Fort York)** - interest in workshop (6 weeks tops), more like a formalized course with a curriculum. Look to metamesh for existing documentation. benhylau will drive efforts to create syllabus and plan course out.

3. Campus Co-ops (Tristan), consensed to go ahead with a proposal
    - meet needs of members (reliable network!), ~10/people 3devices/person
    - testing antennas outdoor year-round?
    - hybrid service, non-cjdns protocols?
    - a range of possible collaborations, first steps attending a board meeting, a proposal to work toward a cooperation agreement
      
4. Kensington/St. Claire BIA - consensed on revisiting at our next planning session once we have a more mature (i.e. tested) hardware/software stack
    - metamesh model is more in line with what BIAs are looking for
    - Time commitment is more than what volunteers can give
  
### tomesh Model Discussion

	- How to address requests from parties asking for a mesh installation (BIAs for example)
	- Creating a separate group with a different model will be discussed at a later time

### Deployment

- We are not at the stage where our tech is reliable for large-scale deployment
- We need to test first
- Orange Pi: How to build one properly? Heat issues have been addressed/mitigated in prototype
- 5 GHz mesh 
  
- What are the immediate next steps?
  - Toronto Reference Library:  Test deployment

### Roadmap

**Key milestones**

1. 5GHz mesh @ Makerfest **2018 JUL** (Yurko to lead leading)
- Test multiple node, wireless-only network
- Risks:
    - have to purchase nodes
    - hardware unknowns
- What could we get started on now:
    - number of nodes available
    - set dates for testing/next stages
- **December Test Date TBA**
  
2. Fort York Library Outreach
- Course curriculum development (benhylau)
- **December delivery**
  
3. Campus Co-op Partnership
- Project proposal (sindark)
- **December delivery**

## Governance

Who is interested in any of the working groups?

Tools: benhylau

Central Org: dasanchez

Deployment: darkdragon2k

Website: garry

Outreach: team effort

