---
title: Monthly Check-in Meeting Notes - January 26, 2017
location: Nirvana, 434 College St
attendees: 12
date: 2017-01-26
startTime: 19:00
endTime: 20:00
---

# Agenda

1. Intros
2. Working Group Updates
3. Funding/Grants extended discussion
4. Socialize!

# Notes

## Intros

- Went around and said our names
- Aimed for brief (~45 mins) check-in before following up on funding

## Working Group Updates

### Mini-conf

Lead: dcwalk

- All done! (Thanks everyone :))
- Some lingering stuff: website updates, documented in the website repo, help wanted to write a recap

### Central Org

Lead: dcwalk

- Next two check-ins already scheduled to take us to our next large planning meeting
- April planning and roadmap session date to be determined

## Website

Lead: garry

- Small content updates to Get Involved since last check-in
- Norman working on "past event" indicator to add to top of events layouts
- Always open to feedback, ideas for improvements
- State of Our Networks event content to be updated

## Deployment

Lead: udit

- Had a meeting with J. Hodgeman at TPL, who are interested in end-Feb demo. Options:
  - Bandwidth demo (Reference Library to York)
    - Across the street with our antennas ("really understandable") maybe streaming video
  - Local application
    - "Has to work as well as it does now"
- Udit: to spearhead this working group for demo in #deployment
  - Udit away for a couple weeks mid-Feb
  - Will need to have a dress rehearsal, aiming for second week of February
- Would there be a potential Toronto Free Net collaboration?

## Funding/Grants

Lead: anastasia

- Deferred until after all updates

## Missing Updates

- Tools (Lead: benhylau)
- Outreach (Lead: josh_o)

## Member updates

### ceit

- Still looking to find satellite dishes. No luck so far :(


### Jon

- TCN working on a 2 year grant application as opposed to a one year -- a good sign!
- Toronto Mesh was requested to write a letter of support. The deadline already passed, but TCN still wants to collect them as
- Spoke to J. Hodgeman around the a demo end of February for Toronto Mesh

### sarah

- Around end of Feb to help with deployment

### structur

- Looking into antenna and want to set up a node! Could do a point-to-point based on proximity to garry

### Justin

- Able to help with funding grant review and writing
- Justin interested in being involved for deployment/demo pitch

### James

- Able and keen to help with OTG registration writing

## Funding/Grants Extended Discussion

Lead: anastasia

- Draft Budget for Metcalfe Grant (10 months), two components: social and technical with fibre from Free Net **deadline Feb 1**

- Toronto Mesh involvement:
  - Deploying nodes
  - 6-8 workshops
  - Volunteering for Toronto Free Net?

- Sustainability?
  - Free Net can operate at cost with ~70 sign ups

- What is left?
  - Letter of Support from Toronto Mesh
  - Commitment from Toronto Mesh leads

- Lengthy discussion on grant scope, responsibilities, and lead. Vote was held and we **consensed** (with 1 abstain) to go ahead with the grant, with the expectation a draft would be posted to be reviewed and voted on before submission

- Questions on relationship between TCN, Toronto Mesh and Toronto Free Net. Will be resolved by upcoming meeting

- Upcoming Grants:
  - CIRA, investigating an education-focused grant (Udit to lead initial conversation)
  - ISOC Beyond the Net, investigating deployment grant (Dawn to lead initial conversations)
