---
title: Monthly Check-in Meeting Notes - March 23, 2017
location: Semaphore Studio 307, Claude T. Bissell, 140 St. George St
attendees: 7
date: 2017-03-23
startTime: 19:00
endTime: 20:00
---

# Agenda

1. Intros
2. Working Group Updates
3. Priorities
4. Socialize!

# Notes

## Intros

- Went around and introduced ourselves
- Aimed for brief (~45 mins) check-in

## Working Group Updates

### Central Org

Lead: dcwalk

- April larger planning meeting, setting priorities for the summer, in the works
- Based on feedback, move to using Studio BL 307 for a quieter space before social

### Website

Lead: garry

- Best way of having stuff (projects) exist on the website
- Difficulty with onboarding: repeating a lot of information, no easy way to point to most current work
	- Project descriptions
- Wekan: presents everything at an equal level of importance, maybe better for internal
- Thoughts on how we work (e.g. getting interest around an idea and spinning it out; e.g. meshISP)

### Tools (Software? Hardware?)

Lead: benhylau

- Scripting/recipe-making deployment of our tools to make reproducible for others (e.g., Matrix chat)
- Have wider range of applications...more pop-up exit servers for CJDNS VPNs
- Backups and caldav hosting on hold
- Udit working on LoRa STEAMlink and antenna testing

### Missing Updates

- Deployment (Lead: udit)
- Funding/Grants (Lead: anastasia)
- Outreach (Lead: josh_o)

## Priorities

- Mapping and Monitoring (See: https://github.com/tomeshnet/node-list/issues/1)
- Radio/antenna Testing (keeping in mind how it connects to use cases)
- A few options for summer deployment

## Member Updates

### Dante

- Interested in solar-powering mesh nodes                    

### Pedro

- Map for website, next steps are establishing a schema for map (github repo)
