---
title: Website Meeting Notes - June 6, 2018
location: Toronto Reference Library
attendees: 6
date: 2018-06-06
startTime: 18:00
endTime: 16:30
---

## Attendees

Kumash
darkdrgn2k 
Erica
Hank
benhylau
garry

## Website Recap

- Project room is: `#design:tomesh.net`
- GitHub repository is: https://github.com/tomeshnet/tomesh.net
- Meeting is a follow-up to the planning session held on May 17, 2018 at HackLab.TO. [Meeting notes](./20180517_planning-meeting-notes.md)
- 6 month period to plan out website improvements and updates
- Open issues for follow-up in the repository's [issues section](https://github.com/tomeshnet/tomesh.net/issues)

## Planning Notes

### Project Onboarding

- Agreed that having a _Projects_ page will help mitigate ambiguity on how one could contribute
- Chat seems intimidating as an initial first step
- Mailing list for those who want to stay up to date
- _Get Involved_ page should be revised to clearly identify chat/events as places to start from
- Homepage:
    - Updating our tagline
    - Renaming _Virtual Mesh_, _Install Parties_, to social nights or meet ups
- Emphasizing meet-up style events moving forward

### Wekan Deprecation

- Consensed on phasing out the Wekan board as part of the project onboarding experience.
- Experience is confusing
- Opting to keep with GitHub for project comms and organizing
- Lacking features that would make it easier for the group

### New Projects Page

- Moving forward on the creation of a Projects page
- benhylau to start writing content for each active project
- Initial list of projects:
    - Mesh Orange
    - _Building the Peer-to-Peer Internet_ Workshop
    - IPFS streaming
    - `prototype-cjdns-pi`
        - Move _Build a Node_ to the prototype project page
    - Website
- Ideas on content to attach to each project on page:
    - Matrix project channel
    - Categorizing icons
    - Skill cards
    - State of the project

### Contact Updates

- _Contact_ in the top navigation doesn't seem useful and redundant considering contact info is in the footer
- Consensed on keeping `/contact` page but have it `301` redirect to the homepage (Contact footer section)
- Contact info to be presented in the header (Hank showed an example with circle icons)
    - In the header (as icons): Twitter, Riot, GitHub, Email
    - Footer (as text): IRC
- Hank to follow-up on designs

### Frequently Asked Questions

- Opportunity to address questions and help with onboarding through a FAQ
- Answer general inquiries about mesh networking and terminology
- Could be part of _About_ or _Projects_
- Follow-up is needed

### Vision Updating

- benhylau suggested to revise the Vision Statement to match our current projects and goals
- benhylau to start process
- Not a blocker for website goals

### Long-form Publishing

- Mirror content from the documents repository to a more public facing page
- Initial idea is to create a Medium page/account to publish
    - Good visibility
    - "Reader friendly"
    - Place to resyndicate from docs repository, which will remain as  authoring hub
    - Decided to not pursue for now as there are open questions about maintenance and workflow
- Consensed on creating a new blog-like page
    - Keep to Jekyll workflow
    - Will be a separate page on the website
    - Hank to follow-up on design of the page

### Node Map

- Map in its current state is misleading and unclear as to what is being presented
- https://github.com/tomeshnet/tomesh.net/issues/207
- Consensed on putting up a banner or initial message to help frame what is being presented
    - "Under Construction"
- Linking over to a project page (Monitoring?)
- Noted that the map is nice to have in starting conversations

### Newsletter

- Briefly talked about the idea of a newsletter to announce meetings and happenings
- Tinyletter account was created some time ago
- Could aggregate content from chat and other places
- Open question as to how publishing would happening

## Next Steps

- Create issues in GitHub to capture all tasks
    - Central organization tasks to be delegated outside of website repository
- Schedule additional sprint meetings to check-in on progress